PMM-12624 Single inventory service add endpoint (#2591)
percona/pmm: docs/api/inventory/add-node.md

## Add a Node

This section describes how to add a Node of any type to PMM Inventory.

> In PMM versions prior to 2.40.0, we featured a separate API call for each Node type. Starting with PMM 2.40.0, we offer a single API endpoint for all Node types. While previously the Node type was defined by the endpoint, i.e. `Nodes/AddGeneric`, now the Node type must be specified as the top-level property of the request payload. Along with this single API endpoint, we are deprecating the separate API calls for each Node type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In PMM 2, we featured a separate API call for each Node type. Starting with PMM 3, we offer a single API endpoint for all Node types. While previously the Node type was defined by the endpoint, i.e. `Nodes/AddGeneric`, now the Node type must be specified as the top-level property of the request payload. Along with this single API endpoint, we are deprecating the separate API calls for each Node type.
```
